Well, that's the last of it.
Go catch something big to eat.
You got it, Wrecker.
Thanks for the help, Crosshair.
Aw, look at that. You made a new friend.
I checked the ship's comms.
Still no word from Fennec.
Since when do we wait around for intel?
Well, she's the only lead we have.
If her contact can tell us
what an M-count is,
we might figure out
why the Empire's targeting Omega.
Does it matter?
We're not handing her over.
Can't be prepared if we don't know
what we're dealing with.
Batcher, wait!
Batcher?
What is it? What's wrong?
It's just the cavern.
We've been in there plenty of times.
Okay, okay. I'll check it out.
Where did that come from?
Batcher, where are you going?
Hunter.
Where's Omega?
I wasn't doing anything. Let go!
Hey!
You heard her.
Let her go.
Gladly.
You know, for rogue clones
who are trying to lay low,
you're failing spectacularly.
Especially that one.
And who are you?
Fennec sent me.
We never gave her our coordinates.
How'd you find us?
I have my ways.
I hear you've been asking questions
about M-count.
Very reckless to inquire
about such things.
It attracts the wrong kind of attention.
And why is that?
That's the real question, isn't it?
First, tell me
why you want this information.
Consider it my payment.
We already paid Fennec for the intel.
Not my problem.
Either talk or I go.
It's for a friend.
The Empire's after her, and she thinks
it's because of some M-count
experiment they're doing.
But we don't know what that means.
It's something in the blood.
Everyone has it, but at varying levels.
Those with a high count
were believed to be more
capable of wielding the Force.
The Force?
You mean Jedi.
You're saying I'm a Jedi? Uh, I-I mean--
Of course not.
Your blood doesn't make you a Jedi.
You'd have to be trained for that.
And I've never known a clone
to be Force-sensitive.
But clearly, none of you are normal.
You got that right.
The Kaminoans did make millions of you.
So I suppose it's possible.
But if you do have a high M-count,
consider yourself warned.
The Empire will hunt you down.
There's your intel.
Wait!
Move, child.
So is that why the Empire's been after me?
I can't determine your midi-chlorian
levels without testing you.
Well, then test me. I can handle it.
Believe me,
the truth is rarely comforting.
Please. No one's been able
to give me answers.
I need to know what I am.
Fine.
But just remember, you asked for this.
This is the test?
One of them.
But the rock is... [grunts] ...slippery.
Can we go someplace else?
How does standing on one leg
have anything to do with M-count?
You're focused on the wrong things.
Stop trying to have balance.
Let go of your conscious mind.
"Conscious mind"?
I don't even know what that means.
Whoa!
Try again.
Come on, Omega! You can do it!
Why don't you two make yourselves scarce?
She doesn't leave our sight.
And neither do you.
How fun for me.
Again.
Since you know about these tests,
you must be a Jedi, right?
No, but I know
some of their ways.
But how do you--
Enough questions. Concentrate.
I checked Tech's files
from the Republic archives.
You were right. It's her.
Asajj Ventress.
Why would a Separatist assassin
be helping us?
Who says that's what she's doing?
Well? What happened?
I told you.
It's too slippery.
I'll start over.
No need.
We're moving on to the next test.
There's a weeping maya tree
up in the colonnade.
Retrieve one of its white blossoms
and return before the sun sets.
It's too far away.
And-- Well, the sun's already started s--
Now that she's gone,
let me give you some advice.
Whatever you're planning on doing
won't end well for you.
Think carefully.
How do you want this to go?
Sorry. Excuse me.
Coming through. Watch out.
Hey, girl.
I'm gonna need some help.
I need to get to the Archium, and fast.
Okay, let's go.
You asked me for my help. Remember?
That's before we realized who you are.
Now leave.
I'll consider it, once I've finished
testing Omega's abilities.
Or maybe I'll stick around
here a bit longer.
Wrong. Get in your ship and go.
Before we make you.
You can try.
We've taken down worse.
So have I.
No cheating.
Ha!
Ow!
Tired yet?
What do you really want with Omega?
Maybe I'll take her off your hands.
Not happening.
Why don't you be good little clones
and stand down?
We're not big on following orders.
I wasn't planning on killing you,
but you're making it very tempting.
We're good like that.
I got the white blossom!
Wh-- Stop!
What's going on?
She's been lying to us, Omega.
She's a war criminal.
Times have changed.
Something
you clones should be familiar with.
We are not the same.
No? We were pawns in the same war.
And we all lost.
The Empire is more dangerous
than you could possibly fathom.
I'm many things,
but I am not your enemy.
Ventress can't be trusted.
You don't know the things she did
during the war, Omega. We do.
Okay, but if she's as bad as you say,
then why didn't she kill you
when she had the chance?
Oh, we were just getting warmed up.
I don't know much about the war,
but things are different now.
People can change.
You're being naive.
I never gave up on you, did I?
I say we give her a chance.
No chaperones today?
Nope. You said, "No distractions."
I'm surprised you came to find me.
They must have told you
all about the things I've done.
They did.
But you also stuck around
instead of leaving,
so I think you're trying to help me.
And you like us. I can tell.
You're an odd little clone.
Thanks. So what did the tests tell you?
You failed the first one.
But I passed the second.
That has to mean something, right?
Hmm. We'll see.
Get in. Time for your final test.
Stop smiling.
It's unsettling.
Should we be out this far?
It'll be easier to concentrate.
On what, exactly?
Many who wield the Force
have an affinity for nature.
They connect with things
that respond to their energy.
Give it a try.
Close your eyes and reach out.
For what?
Everything.
I don't like this.
We should be out there with her.
We gave Omega our word
we wouldn't intervene.
You did.
How--
How does she know we're watching?
Forget it.
Giving up so soon?
This isn't working. I don't feel anything.
I don't even know
what I'm supposed to be doing.
This is a waste of time.
I blame those three overprotective shadows
for your lack of training and discipline.
I am trained.
This is different than being a soldier.
Even if you have Force potential,
they can't show you how to tap into it.
Since you seem content with that,
perhaps this is a waste of time.
I bet you don't understand
any of this either.
So, why should I listen to you?
I'm not the one holding back.
What happened? Why'd they go?
Well, that doesn't look good.
Get to the Marauder.
Did you summon that?
Not intentionally.
Hang on.
What?
Your friends are making things worse.
I can do this on my own!
Hunter, stop firing.
Ventress can handle it.
Doesn't look like it from up here.
Trust her!
You actually did it.
Don't sound so surprised.
Well, that was pretty fun.
Did you figure it out?
Do I have a high M-count?
From what I've seen?
No.
Then why's the Empire after me?
Believe it or not,
I don't know everything.
But seeing as how a high M-count
would make you a target,
consider yourself lucky.
But I'm already a target.
Uh, don't worry about it, kid.
We're gonna figure it out.
Come on. Let's go get some chow.
Thanks. For trying.
You're lying.
About which part?
You tell us.
If Omega did have that potential,
she'd have to be trained,
which would mean leaving you behind.
That's not happening.
What you want is irrelevant.
The fact is, the Empire is after her.
And they won't stop.
If I were you, I'd leave this place.
You're not as safe as you think you are.
Our business is done.
I still can't figure out
what side you're on.
My own.
You're not worried about
the Empire coming after you?
They can try.
But I've got a few lives left.